Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do. Once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversations?" So she was considering in her own mind, whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her. There was nothing so very remarkable in that, nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!" But when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it. Burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge. In another moment, down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again. The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well. Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything. Then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed, it was labeled "ORANGE MARMALADE", but to her great disappointment it was empty. She did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it. "Well," thought Alice, "after such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs. How brave they'll all think me at home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the house!" Down, down, down. Would the fall never come to an end? "I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?" she said aloud. "I must be getting somewhere near the center of the earth. Let me see, that would be four thousand miles down." Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table. She opened it and found in it a very small cake, on which the words "EAT ME" were beautifully marked in currants. "Well, I'll eat it," said Alice, "and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key, and if it makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door. So either way I'll get into the garden." She ate a little bit and said anxiously to herself, "Which way? Which way?" holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way she was growing. She was quite surprised to find that she remained the same size. So she went on eating the cake. Very soon the little golden key was lying on the glass table, and Alice picked it up and hurried to the door. She unlocked it and pushed it open. The door led into a beautiful garden with bright flowers and cool fountains. Alice walked through the door and found herself in a long, low hall, lit by a row of lamps hanging from the roof. There were doors all around the hall, but they were all locked. She tried the little golden key in each lock, but none of them would open. Then she noticed a curtain that had not been pulled aside before. Behind it was a tiny door, about fifteen inches high. She tried the little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted. Alice opened the door and looked through. She saw a garden more lovely than any she had ever imagined. She longed to get out of that dark hall and wander among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the doorway. "Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!" she thought. "I think I could, if I only knew how to begin." So many strange things had happened that Alice began to think that very few things were really impossible. There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes. This time she found a little bottle on it, which certainly was not there before. There was no label this time with the words "DRINK ME", but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips. "I know something interesting is going to happen," she said to herself, "whenever I eat or drink anything. So I'll just see what this bottle does." She drank a little bit very slowly. The taste was rather nice, like cherry-tart and custard and pineapple and roast turkey and toffee and hot buttered toast. She finished the bottle and found herself shrinking rapidly. Soon she was only ten inches high. Now she could easily get through the little door into that beautiful garden. She ran to the door, but alas! it was locked again, and the little golden key was lying on the glass table, far above her reach. She tried to climb up the table leg, but it was too slippery. She sat down and cried, but then she thought, "Come, there's no use in crying like that. I advise you to leave off this minute." So she stopped crying and began to look for something else to help her.